README.md, before:

# **LinkedIn Clone 2022🔎**

> Linkedin Clone 2022 is a project developed using React JS. It is clone of the current Linkedin UI 2022 . The first page to display is the login page, and if you are not registered, one will directed to the Register page or Sign in with google is enabled through firebase as a backend.

**_`Star⭐ the Project if you like it 💻`_**

> It is a simple LinkedIn Clone using ReactJs, Redux, Firebase DB(Firestore) and Firebase Auth.
> referencing a tutorial on YouTube by 'Sonny sangha'. Added some features apart from the tutorial on my own like:

- Exact UI as linkedin 2022.
- created a modal just like Linkedin to create a post.
- Fully responsiveness(oth mobile and web)

### ⚓Features and Fuctionality

- Login using both Email and Google Authentication( Firease auth )
- Display the logged user( name, email, Avatar ).
- The app generate a random number of followers and connection for each user.
- Create a new post( A post to which one can add and image or a video )
- Share photos and videos (React player for videos)
- Auto authenticate user on refresh
- Sign Out with a nice dropdown on the header Avatar
- Mobile Responsive

## 💻Getting started
[![](https://github.com/BrainGhost/linkedin-clone-v1.0/blob/main/public/screenLinkedIn.jpg)](https://github.com/BrainGhost/linkedin-clone-v1.0/blob/main/public/screenLinkedIn.jpg)
------------
[ **View DEMO**](http://linkedin-clone-20c26.web.app/ "# **View DEMO**")

------------

### Requirements

- [Node.js](http://nodejs.dev/learn/how-to-install-nodejs "Node.js")
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/ "Yarn") or [npm](http://www.npmjs.com/ "npm")

### Clone this Project

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/BrainGhost/linkedin_clone.git

$ cd linkedin_clone
```

### Follow these steps

```bash
# Install the dependencies
$ npm

# Run the web app
$ npm run start
```

## Future plans

- Add comments on post
- Like posts
- Realtime update likes
- Post deleting functionality

Commit message:

Cleaning up the APP, create a new enviroment variable to hold our API

README.md, after:

# **LinkedIn Clone 2022🔎**

> Linkedin Clone 2022 is a project developed using React JS. It is clone of the current Linkedin UI 2022 . The first page to display is the login page, and if you are not registered, one will directed to the Register page or Sign in with google is enabled through firebase as a backend.

**_`Star⭐ the Project if you like it 💻`_**

> It is a simple LinkedIn Clone using ReactJs, Redux, Firebase DB(Firestore) and Firebase Auth.
> referencing a tutorial on YouTube by 'Sonny sangha'. Added some features apart from the tutorial on my own like:

- Exact UI as linkedin 2022.
- created a modal just like Linkedin to create a post.
- Fully responsiveness(oth mobile and web)

### ⚓Features and Fuctionality

- Login using both Email and Google Authentication( Firease auth )
- Display the logged user( name, email, Avatar ).
- The app generate a random number of followers and connection for each user.
- Create a new post( A post to which one can add and image or a video )
- Share photos and videos (React player for videos)
- Auto authenticate user on refresh
- Sign Out with a nice dropdown on the header Avatar
- Mobile Responsive

## 💻Getting started

## [![](https://github.com/BrainGhost/linkedin-clone-v1.0/blob/main/public/screenLinkedIn.jpg)](https://github.com/BrainGhost/linkedin-clone-v1.0/blob/main/public/screenLinkedIn.jpg)

[ **View DEMO**](http://linkedin-clone-20c26.web.app/ "# **View DEMO**")

---

### Requirements

- [Node.js](http://nodejs.dev/learn/how-to-install-nodejs "Node.js")
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/ "Yarn") or [npm](http://www.npmjs.com/ "npm")

### Clone this Project

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/BrainGhost/linkedin_clone.git

$ cd linkedin_clone
```

You need to use you own API_kEY for Firebase, to do that:

1. Create a file called .env
2. Inside that file, create a variable called REACT_APP_API_KEY
3. Assign to it your firebase app API_KEY
4. You are all set now ✔

### Follow these steps

```bash
# Install the dependencies
$ npm

# Run the web app
$ npm run start
```

## Future plans

- Add comments on post
- Like posts
- Realtime update likes
- Post deleting functionality
